[Music]
Very good I know there are a lot of people
waiting for this deal now we start
quietly
today in many kids here waiting for the
salsa of the kids but but I don't
see you I don't see all the kids becoming members
Mr. Heria I think there are
more members
than kids we should do
a survey not that in fact I'm going to do it I'm
going to do a survey
only members can answer
this survey okay
member
and we're going to put
kids
and Mr. Heria
only members can answer okay
Hayden in the survey I do
n't know where the survey comes out but it
should come out somewhere in the chat
only members have to answer
if you are members if I am a member now
life comes out if you are members and I am from the
kids they will put the kids if I am a
member if I am from the lordship to give it
to the lordship for now I think they are
cheating a little I
think you are cheating a little I don't trust
the kids I don't
trust the kids we'll
see but only member of course of
course I think they are voting here to
see if the hippies are voting here
here we are here the hippies are voting
as they please well how are you
my dear bald people
people with little hair and people with poor hair it
turns out that auron play has
received a very uncomfortable donation and
has been forced to plan
the person who did it let's
see because I have no idea what it's
about and it
's something you don't want your styles
are of the same quality as always I
tell you this with all the respect you deserve
and no hey I'm telling you this because I love you
but friend well the truth is I
wanted to play this honestly
no I don't know how else I'm going to veto you
because you're an idiot diego
because it's set up like this I haven't seen it that
much he thinks it's going to piss him off
in the way that you know there are
a lot of people who are idiots and
start donating to piss you off
okay no don't worry don't worry
you tell me okay
come on a hug and hey good [ __ ] good
luck
the entire donation to okay
auro  when you play something you don't want
your strings aren't the same quality
as always well
so far nothing bad it's something that
can happen that usually happens to me it
happens to me too when I talk about topics
that I don't feel like talking about but I talk
simply because I'm asking for it
or because it's a topic that needs to be
talked about that's fine my opinion and the topic
doesn't really catch my attention well
maybe I seem a little less
motivated I'm not
saying this with all the respect you
deserve and seagate I'm saying this because I
love you but if you don't like it I can give you
lessons on how to taste great clowns
step by step
[Laughs]
but it's free
but it's free it
's saying
what it is you have a job that is
touching your balls at the desk
that you don't have a real job and what do they do
what we tell you or you start looking for a
job eating chicken you see
something like that the spelling I always tell you
with all the respect you deserve and without
hey I'm telling you this because I love you
friend well the truth is that I
wanted to play this the truth is no I don't
know in more I'm going to veto you
because you're an [ __ ] god
big house or
something really cool sounded you're a random I
mean I can't play anything but
tortilla go away man go away put
Everton man for being an idiot the
truth is I'm sorry with much respect but
your comment is unnecessary I mean I'm here
quietly trying out a game that I
feel like trying and here comes to annoy Diego
to suck it Diego to someone
else's string not here
and here quietly without messing with anyone
playing a game
this is the typical one of those who are
obsessed with series already take
a lot of grace
past with Marbella with tortilla you know
if you don't do that day well me with
Marbella my goodness if it wasn't more
beautiful one day the radicals would come to
tell you you
know and today our tortilla well the
typical one obsessed with my friends from
now on about tortillas but
without writing in the chat wish
you well
but when the tortilla they have to start
cutting not
the 'juan guarnizo wanted to be today directly
the tournament and not stop making tortilla
and as I say crazy the truth is that here I
feel like playing the truth
I'm here  calmly playing or without
bothering anyone and really enjoying it because
I would like to win one like the day before
tomorrow I know that tomorrow I'm not going to win but
what I'm going to try is not to make a
fool of myself you know I
'm hearing strange noises
since he has this music playing
Lauro in the background hearing
strange noises what do you want me to say that's
what I'm going to try to do not to make a
fool of myself
but I should have signed up for this
is you're in this tournament I would have
liked to until February
until February
now I think I can write the chat
now I can see
now
oh god how stupid people really are they
know that you're in the game with
aura and they're standing here in front of
him to leave to see if you halo the
guy really
really how stupid people are man if you
get into a game try to play it's
something organic something natural man but there is
one there are different canaries just like him they
all are people man
the courage something like that
[Music]
everyone
fear no no no no no how scary the clown
and I think I'm going to deactivate the chat look
how people have become he has become
very  violent it has
become very violent to people you do not have to
deactivate it you will stop
playing with my heart loser install you will
put aside father a little greeting
friend may God bless you
and there is a second donation here apparently I
have it already on screen and I am going to
read it to you friend it was without hate and without any
kind of desire to bother here
writing you because I love your content
and I have seen all your live streams
since always sorry if I seemed
wrong and to those in the chat who insulted me
privately that is not how friends are made of
course rent here the thing is that
maybe I wanted to be in grace as he
says today
because they eat my balls like many
times you put it a little that he has been
joking
and those of the galaxy but now not
at that moment it will be taken literally
seriously as a
friend it was without hate and without any kind of
desire to bother period here I am
watching you because I love your content
and I have seen all your live streams since
always sorry if I expressed myself badly and to
those of the clash they insulted me privately
that is not how friends are made let's see now I
answer you friend so you know eh or I mean I
value  your message and I'll answer you now
okay but I'm about to die let me
survive and I swear I'll answer you
and give you a very polite answer don't
kill me don't kill me don't kill me I'm a fan I'm a
fan don't kill me I'm a fan that's it that's it
dance dance euro keep going I wanted to tell you
that whatever you do one is always going to
win I'm going to die we have them we have them
and that's what I would have liked
this model tournament outs to the big guy
big friends all good
machine gun of kisses
for all of you very well
says this Dallas with those who have stabbed me
and I have stabbed myself
[Laughter]
[Music]
your anger is there the kids are winning
in the poll
because because the lordships have gone ave to
Juanjo now
but because they are also voting you know
what happens in the lordship I'm sure it's
legal and I'm sure that
only the ladies who are
[Music]
members are voting and the kids will
all be voting whether they are members or not, I'm
sure he is the clown of this quality and
ximo
[ __ ] that of  the rope damn I didn't
remember and what is this one doing flying another one
why are they flying
okay
because they don't fit I don't
know I've never seen so many people in
this one in this one
stuck to this easy Diego I'll
answer you now Diego I'll answer you give me a
second
for one what's happening I notice that take
advantage of well pool
all my grandfather and I felt like changing
illusions a little but
Diego let's see
Diego I understand that your comment
was not with bad intentions
because the game of Alcal because because
this is a squid man has someone
explained to me why the [ __ ] this is a
squid
in what does this look like a squid
thanks to my honor give it a go God
man I'm 48 and I bounce kids Anna I'm
sorry it has arrived maybe you are
kids sorry you have to draw yourself
now the al saud and dance
but damn they sent a donation to
tell me to
invent that I'm playing something that I do
n't like it's other fabrics invented your
friend has drawn conclusions that it
takes you a little bit of your ass because I
felt like playing this - you pass it
well i
was in the mood for ruth my grandfather loves me and i
felt like changing a little bit like taking
a day off from tortilla and i
'm here really enjoying myself not bothering
anyone and toms sends me a donation
assuming i'm playing
here badly upset for man friend is
that you made up which i'm
sorry but it seems like a comment in
bad taste and spending money to tell me
that i don't know instead of spending 32 10
dollars to tell me that [ __ ] by
spending those 10 dollars and buying
something nice for a family member for example
or
a video game if you're going to send him a message
send him something cool so that he answers you wine or
since they spend the ten payments of
course spend ten dollars telling
me that i'm playing badly or
rather i invite you to take those ten
dollars
i don't know and buy yourself and buy for a
friend spend it to buy yourself
something nice
kiko if he says thanks or trex that's
a squid you can clearly see the
head
this is a squid
adhered waiter to madrid then this  it's
a squid
it's supposed to look like this
okay it
's
logical but okay I'm saying that nothing happens
hunger of course it's necessary more
aurum I just wanted to say diego I
spent the 10 bucks kid and a half go
eat big because I'm going to get
big you spend of the 10 payments here
every day I think at
first I get the impression let's take a
look and see how the squid games are going
let's see how the
streamer gives the impression that he
probably took one of the
comments seriously at first that at
first the insult and such he did I
think he was serious like it was
hate okay let's see we said let's
see how it goes how the people go we have
crazy blondes my country all my
time
[Music]
up I
don't have the next
beaten machine
carola if it was max or carola
but I was supporting max normal
take the drug lady that of course max and
I were talking before let's get water we
got it they
get a lot of money every game he
wins he gets a lot of money dude
this tournament would have  liked it man I
would have loved this tournament not
only for the money not the prize
you take home but on top of that the game
would have shown me 10 17 thousand
ah sure look right now there are the
others I don't know if you see let's continue right
now there are the others giving them the
prize no look I
mean each one spending 50 bucks on
subscriptions
which comes to 10
but of course how many are there how many
contestants
about 6000 you get it's for each game
won it's
very difficult between all of them it's very difficult for you to win it too I'm telling you but hey it can happen to you but yeah what I was having a good time have a good time you gain some good followers we give you some good followers [Music] invest little really the best is not
finished being here
what does it say
sometimes they say something
something is missing thanks to all the guys have
been put in that's
also there
if you're watching the let's go
the guys give permission for
everyone to talk and start shouting and that's
not going to give a zberg it's good that if you
can you can ask for the  word and we
ask to free ourselves here here there are people it's
tomorrow surely if there is of me Paulo they
allow it tomorrow if there is of neither Paulo
allows it we
make a compilation of everything
oh of Paula
we make a compilation of the entire
game each game won
be like
a little the presentation of the
contestants that we see in the image that
had blondes blondes or the image that
had blondes with all the participants we
present them and then it would be the
games that I think are five and of
each game who has won
the legal dilenia speaking to the ceo
pray in case you want to see it
okay Paula there will need it around here
but we could do it well guys
next next it had been
a disaster more said the
plane problem invites you to Juani Prez
had returned that he doesn't even remember the goal
be bad blondes
hello Javi I really like your channel it is
noticeable that you put a lot of effort
could you react to the video of
Maradona's church video has uploaded by
vice you will not regret it it is to [ __ ] yourself
laughing believe me give it air to Paulo let
's aim on the subject okay thank you very much man
today we already have the  the complete scale
[Music]